it's 7 GMT that's 9:00 a.m. in Gaza
where fighting and explosions have been
heard near NASA Hospital inh
Unis Israel has intensified its bombing
of the southern city killing at least 12
people in overnight strikes injured
Palestinians were taken to hospital KH
Unice has become the focus of Israel's
offensive where its ground forces have
been battling Palestinian
Fighters
small children are among those killed in
Israel's bombardment a Palestinian
journalist saw a mother holding her
daughter killed in an air strike at
least 25,000 other Palestinians have
died in three and a half months of
Israel's war on
Gaza nasal hospital is the largest
health facility still functioning in
southern Gaza IT Supplies though are
running critically low we spoke to Dr
Ahmed al- mrai he's the head of the
plastic surge in Burns Department
there as a surgeon here that the Israeli
are fighting children and woman innocent
people yeah all all all officials are
civilians man most of them children
women civilians they are killing you
know families children you know
civilians every day we I I told you um
how many of us have to die really every
day we have hundreds of these innocent
people are passing away I don't know I
don't know how many days do we have to
go with this really situation everywhere
patients is scattered here here at the
hospital they need key they need care
they they need proper food they need
clean water they need uh how to say they
need everything they were were they were
bombing all over around the the hospital
I I guess you already seen this
bombing yes uh the situation here at NAS
hospital now became very difficult
as you know many of uh evacuated people
already left the hospital and many of
medical personnel now they couldn't
attend the hospital and this put a a lot
of pressure over our heads and over our
shoulders since we have to compensate
and work more more more and more and
more on Friday I took my family to
secure them and in ra I was trying to
find one thing actually to put my family
and come back to ner I couldn't find a
place in Rafa I couldn't find a tent
actually to put my family it is very
populated area and can you imagine I
brought my family back to Nas and I'm
I'm staying at NAS to face my fate
whatever it will cost I'll be here at
NAS with my family there is no place to
go to go there is no safe place and ra
is populated area no clean water no food
nothing there even I couldn't find a
tent for my family there can you imagine
that so I brought my family back to the
hital let's go to Han Mahmud who was L
For Us in Rafa in southern Gaza hany as
that doctor described a pretty desperate
situation in the South and in and around
kanun tell us what's been
happening yes indeed and perhaps the the
most accurate uh way to describe what's
going on in right now is more of death
and Destruction for more than a month
now kanun has been under heavy
bombardment this particular city was
described and designated the initial
weeks of the uh of the war as a safe
zone for evacuees and displace
Palestinians from the northern part of
Gaza City and they've been shouldering
uh in uh the courtyard of Naser hospital
and other parts of hunis including the
eastern part the western part of the
city uh since the beginning of the war
is now the very particular City
described as safe zone is now a scene of
Devastation and and suffering and
further civilian casualties and more
displacement as the Israeli military
pushed deeper into the City and within
the vicinity of Naser hospital and the
Doctor Who was speaking this is not the
first time we hear doctors describing
the situation inside the hospital and
the situation of their families who are
unable to provide a a a proper shelter
for them and protect them from the
horror of this ongoing War the vast
majority of them have their families
with them Sheltering inside the hospital
they have a duty to do to keep providing
the medical intervention necessary for
injuries but as the
Situation's getting worse and there's a
surge in the the bombings and indeed
there is an intense bombing campaign
going on not only within the vicinity of
the hospital but now further the western
part of the city around
hospital and within the vicinity of an
academic institution the largest public
university across the Gaza Street with
the Ala University where thousand of
Palestinian literally are sh have been
Sheltering inside the buildings of the
university and in the campus where they
set up their tents for weeks now they
found themselves now caught in the under
this heavy a bombardment and they don't
have a place to go to there is literally
no safe place little no safe Corridor
for them to leave the area uh the area
is being bombed by land by air and by
sea with attack drones everywhere
hovering across Han Unis shooting at
every moving object there so far 12
people have been killed as a result of
these attacks by the uh by the drones by
the quad capters drone in the area there
people who have are trapped inside their
buildings with family members who are
have been injured or critically or
critically injured have been killed
inside
the the hospital it's just the fact that
the city is now is effectively separated
from the remaining parts of the of the
gri makes the conditions very difficult
for people it's hard for people to
evacuate now we're looking at very very
dark days within the coming days as the
situation gets worse by the hour hanim
Mahmud there for us live in Rafa in
southern Gaza